---
orphan: true
---
# 1.20.2

The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.20.2.

Please see {ref}`ref-component-versions` for a list of updated components.

## New features & improvements

- VPU slots for an app are synchronized through the Anbox Application Registry (AAR).<!--AC-2143-->
- Extended logging is available for WebRTC connections. This extended logging includes logging of local and remote ICE candidates which can be used by enabling the feature flag `webrtc.enable_ice_logging`.<!--AC-2184-->
- Android security updates for January 2024 (see [Android Security Bulletin - January 2024](https://source.android.com/docs/security/bulletin/2024-01-01) for more information).<!--AC-2203-->
- The Android WebView has been updated to [120.0.6099.193](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2024/01/chrome-for-android-update.html).

## Bugs fixed

- Automotive audio control service (`android.hardware.automotive.audiocontrol`) gets launched by accident with the currently provided images.<!--AC-2199-->
- LXD error `NonReusableSucceeded` is not handled properly, causing the application creation to proceed without issues even when the post-stop hook of an addon fails to execute. <!--AC-2212-->
- System security updates for instances are applied even when the corresponding AMS configuration was set to explicitly disable them. <!--AC-2122-->
- With all Android versions, screen recording from the quick settings fails to start.<!--AC-2180-->
- Starting an Android 11 instance without a GPU fails to start. <!--AC-2181-->
- On the web dashboard, the *Create session* button is clickable even when the *Application* field is empty.<!--AC-2179-->
- [LP #2046348](https://bugs.launchpad.net/anbox-cloud/+bug/2046348) When dynamically changing the screen resolution upon joining a streaming session to a lower resolution than the configured resolution, the resolution of the resulting video stream does not match. Instead, it stays at the resolution initially configured for the streaming session.<!--AC-2188-->
- [Bug report](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/enable-webgl-in-anbox-cloud/41170/4) When running WebGL based applications, the WebView shows an error and indicates that the WebView APK shipped as part of the Android image does not support WebGL.<!--AC-2214-->

## Upgrade instructions
See {ref}`howto-upgrade-anbox-cloud` or {ref}`howto-upgrade-appliance` for instructions on how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment to the 1.20.2 release.
